♪♪
Doesn't it
freak you out
that you might be alone?
Maybe you need
a backup plan.
If we're still single
by 30 then,
let's get married.
- Yeah, okay.
- [laughs]
Wait, what?
Isn't it your birthday
or something?
In fact, it is.
- Thirty.
- 3-0.
- Dirty thirty!
- Joanna?
- Peter!
Do you remember
our pact?
I am 30 in five months.
Let's help each other date,
knowing we can fall back
on a friendship.
Wow, that is the most
stupidest thing
I've ever heard.
♪♪
To setting each other up.
Cheers.
Dating is a numbers game.
I'm literally just
swiping them away.
I just wanna skip
the dating
and get straight
to the relationship part.
Uh, I wanna get off
apps.
I wanna get on
the apps.
To Peter and his
waning youth.
Turned up!
You ready to party
like you're 21?
I'm ready to party
like I'm 30.
That was unreal.
This was probably
goodbye sex for us.
What?
A guy calls up
his ex
right before his wedding?
How have you been?
I'm supposed to be
your girlfriend.
You are!
♪♪
What are we?
You marry the person
that always has your back.
Maybe the pact's
too confusing.
Maybe I should just
call it off.
Are you serious,
Joanna?
You marry the person
you can't imagine
not being in your life.
We only had one rule,
to be upfront
with each other.
- Have you been?
- Have you?!
♪♪
You marry
your best friend.
♪♪
What about the pact?